our next guest is a James Beard Award
winner from Houston Texas this is his
first book it's called cook like a local
flavors that can change how you cook and
see the world please welcome chef Chris
Shepherd okay absolutely fantastic you
know I have to say I don't know a ton
about Houston yeah and your food you
draw from so many different cultures how
did that happen
Houston is one of the most culturally
diverse cities in the country and so for
us I wanted to show off Houston more I
wanted people to understand what Houston
was and who we are as people and so the
desire to go out and learn from all
these different restaurants across the
cross our city and bring a little bit of
that influence in but also to bring them
and to highlight them as well mm-hmm and
so when I talk about cook like a local
it's not so much local product but it's
about understanding your area and where
that's where you live mm-hmm and
learning from people that you normally
wouldn't get the chance to writing you
would go and learn from these Korean
restaurants and the clock places all
over the city
yeah force my way in just sit down have
dude how does that work you just show up
and say hey you mind if I come in the
back with you yeah it doesn't really
work out that will go in like three four
five six seven eight nine times ah
asking every time and then eventually
like yeah come on you lay the groundwork
yeah yeah and then it's not so much
awkward it becomes family mm-hmm because
you've built that layer of conversation
and that layer of comfortability with
somebody and having you know showing
them what you want to do and them
showing you what they want to you to
learn and what are the key ingredients
that you've discovered but by going to
these right so we laid this book out
wasn't by appetizer entree so it was by
ingredient it was we do fish sauce dries
to dry spice chilies soy corn rice and
so it's not just like rice in a grain
aspect but rice flour rice noodle and
how to try to use all of these things
okay all right well what are we gonna
cook your signature dish yeah tonight so
tonight we're gonna braise go go now we
saw go to earlier on the show yeah we
did goats Y goat how did goat become
your signature it was one of these
things we tried it with beef we tried it
with lamb we tried all these different
things
the end of it is like one of our farmers
is Aki I have a lot of goat let's use it
goats eat trash don't they they eat
everything yeah right yeah you put it
out you have to move your yard so in a
way it's like you're eating everything
yeah but it's also real sustainable for
us to do it doesn't take up a lot of
land like cattle or other animals so it
was one of these things that we have a
lot of it in Texas and so I just wanted
people that you go alright when we did
this at the beginning I didn't think it
would be as successful as it was you
know if you have a dish that you sold 30
or 40 a night that's good mm-hmm we were
selling a hundred hundred and ten a
night people really go for this and talk
about to say if you go you have to order
this yeah all right well let's try so
but I need a goat pick these for first
thing we got a killer go well I just
need you to shred a little bit okay I'll
do the shredding you get go ahead so
well we have this is rice these little
this yeah so this is right it's like
those styrofoam packing peanuts it's
rice that has been milled deemed and
then extruded what we're gonna do is
just get a little toast on these so like
pasta yeah very much so
okay and so that's great thank you
you're doing a great job I've always
been good at shredding goat they called
me the goat shredder when I was in
college all right that's awesome so I
want to do is we just want to toast
these cuz it as you toast it so they're
as you feel it right now super super
hard can people make these though I mean
this is something realistic I buy it oh
oh you buy them i buy this yeah you
probably that's not gonna be very
delicious yeah it's not yeah it's not
good we taste like the packing peanuts
yeah so what we want to do is we want to
toast these because what we're gonna do
is it's gonna start to crisp up on the
outside and get soft and chewy in the
center I stink yeah it's so not like
what you just ate all right I've
shredded my goat you're doing that in
olive oil just a little blended oil we
don't want to have too much olive oil
flavor or car to be pretty clean because
what we're gonna do is we're gonna take
this go some onion beer and then
gochujang mm-hmm which is a fermented
Korean red chili paste that we thinned
down with a little bit of beer add that
to it a little bit of butter
I like it I like it that's it I love
that stuff how do you pronounce it again
bill John okay very good
all right all right so we're looking
good a little bit of onion mm-hmm oh I
feel like that goat would be excited to
know he's being prepared like this just
say you're right Jim yeah you're right
thank you all right and how much goat
just as much good as you feel like yeah
you know you don't want to overwhelm it
right you want a good balance a little
bit more good job thank you thank you
yeah appreciate that so we do now be
water the goat cooked yep yeah all right
a little bit of beer uh-huh does it
matter what kind of beer I like a little
bit lighter beer
okay stop because I think it's something
to use like a stout or what have you got
what a Guinness blonde there yep okay
nice
Wow what a strange dish this is did you
make this up no this is a dish boki um
oh but it was just something that I had
been making at home okay I found that I
really liked yeah
and so you know what when we started
with underbelly it was uh 20 dishes on
the menu every night and I really just
needed a filler mm-hmm and this was it
yeah we had 19 and I was like oh we're
gonna do this isn't that always how it
goes it was pretty amazing because it
was one of these things that like that's
how I did she found me yeah I didn't
expect for it I expected it to last a
day mm-hm and oh we had to give up
because it's getting to the point where
we're almost tasting and Garin was
really good at that as well what do they
call goat in espaol de konichiwa
birria Siberia yeah really actually I
ate it before a lot of time it's real
good and is it ready it is oh can we eat
it make it beautiful all right here we
go
so we're just gonna how many servings is
that - okay perfect for Guillermo yes
what about you oh my god
a little bit of green onion uh-huh
sesame seeds very some crunch Oh
interesting
all right shall we taste try it out
Thank You Guillermo all right now I
don't
yeah well I'm sure they are no I'm much
better than they were earlier
oh they soften up they become nice Wow
you know what I don't know that I would
ever intentionally order goat on the
menu but now I will because it's though
absolutely delicious Wow this is so good
got a fan hello
that was excellent that's Chris Shepherd
he's produced in Texas is his cookbook
cook like a local it's available now
they hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel give back this
holiday season buy my new book the
serious goose I wrote it and drew it all
the money I make goes to children's
hospitals across the country and if you
don't support that you are a box